add support for init=False (#58)
rogiervandergeer/pydargs: README.md

```
When indicated, this field is not added to the parser and cannot be overridden with an argument.

> ### init=False
> Fields marked with init=False will be ignored by pydargs and cannot be overridden with an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fields excluded from the `__init__()`
Fields not included in the `__init__()` (i.e. with `init=False`, see [here](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html#dataclasses.field) ) will be ignored by pydargs and cannot be overridden with an argument.
```

```python
@dataclass
class Config:
    number: int
    ignored: str = field(init=False)
```

> Additionally, this field will not be present on the config object at all. It is recommended to add a [__post_init__ method](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html#post-init-processing) to the dataclass to set the value of the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could be useful in combination with a [`__post_init__()` method](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html#post-init-processing) to set the value of the field.
```

I don't think it is our place to do recommendations on how to use dataclasses, but adding the link is valuable.
